(DOCS-9182) Add workflows widget param info (#25569)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/workflows/trigger.md

1. Save your Workflow.
1. Click **Publish** to publish your workflow. Workflows don't run automatically until you've published them. Published workflows accrue costs based on workflow executions. For more information, see the [Datadog Pricing page][11].

### Add the workflow to your monitor

1. Navigate to the [**Monitors** page][2] in Datadog.
1. Find the monitor you'd like to use to trigger the workflow and edit it, or create a new monitor.
1. In the **Configure notifications & automations** section, click **+ Add Workflow**.

> 1. Use the workflow mention name to search for your workflow and select it from the drop-down. Only workflows with monitor triggers appear in the list.<br>A mention for the monitor appears in the notification message field, in the format `@workflow-name` if it takes no input parameters or `@workflow-name(param="")` if it takes input parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the workflow mention name to search for your workflow and select it from the dropdown. Only workflows with monitor triggers appear in the list.<br>A mention for the monitor appears in the notification message field, in the format `@workflow-name` if it takes no input parameters or `@workflow-name(param="")` if it takes input parameters.
```
